c:\users\duzi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dnatec_ControleGastos\Dnatec_ControleGastos\bin\Microsoft.PythonTools.WebRole.dll
c:\users\duzi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dnatec_ControleGastos\Dnatec_ControleGastos\obj\Debug\attach_server.py
c:\users\duzi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dnatec_ControleGastos\Dnatec_ControleGastos\obj\Debug\visualstudio_py_debugger.py
c:\users\duzi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dnatec_ControleGastos\Dnatec_ControleGastos\obj\Debug\visualstudio_py_repl.py
c:\users\duzi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dnatec_ControleGastos\Dnatec_ControleGastos\obj\Debug\visualstudio_py_util.py
c:\users\duzi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dnatec_ControleGastos\Dnatec_ControleGastos\obj\Debug\__init__.py
c:\users\duzi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dnatec_ControleGastos\Dnatec_ControleGastos\obj\Debug\__main__.py
c:\users\duzi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dnatec_ControleGastos\Dnatec_ControleGastos\bin\AzureSetup.cfg
c:\users\duzi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dnatec_ControleGastos\Dnatec_ControleGastos\bin\Microsoft.PythonTools.AzureSetup.exe
c:\users\duzi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dnatec_ControleGastos\Dnatec_ControleGastos\bin\Microsoft.PythonTools.AzureSetup.exe.config
c:\users\duzi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dnatec_ControleGastos\Dnatec_ControleGastos\bin\wfastcgi.py
c:\users\duzi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dnatec_ControleGastos\Dnatec_ControleGastos\obj\Debug\web.config
c:\users\duzi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dnatec_ControleGastos\Dnatec_ControleGastos\obj\Debug\web.debug.config
C:\Users\aduzi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DnatecGastos\Dnatec_ControleGastos\bin\Microsoft.PythonTools.WebRole.dll
C:\Users\aduzi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DnatecGastos\Dnatec_ControleGastos\obj\Debug\attach_server.py
C:\Users\aduzi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DnatecGastos\Dnatec_ControleGastos\obj\Debug\visualstudio_py_debugger.py
C:\Users\aduzi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DnatecGastos\Dnatec_ControleGastos\obj\Debug\visualstudio_py_repl.py
C:\Users\aduzi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DnatecGastos\Dnatec_ControleGastos\obj\Debug\visualstudio_py_util.py
C:\Users\aduzi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DnatecGastos\Dnatec_ControleGastos\obj\Debug\__init__.py
C:\Users\aduzi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DnatecGastos\Dnatec_ControleGastos\obj\Debug\__main__.py
C:\Users\aduzi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DnatecGastos\Dnatec_ControleGastos\bin\AzureSetup.cfg
C:\Users\aduzi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DnatecGastos\Dnatec_ControleGastos\bin\Microsoft.PythonTools.AzureSetup.exe
C:\Users\aduzi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DnatecGastos\Dnatec_ControleGastos\bin\Microsoft.PythonTools.AzureSetup.exe.config
C:\Users\aduzi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DnatecGastos\Dnatec_ControleGastos\bin\wfastcgi.py
C:\Users\aduzi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DnatecGastos\Dnatec_ControleGastos\obj\Debug\web.config
C:\Users\aduzi\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DnatecGastos\Dnatec_ControleGastos\obj\Debug\web.debug.config
